>> Hello, this is your heart.
Can you hear me?
Can you feel me?
I know we haven't
talked in a long time,
but I was thinking maybe
you could use a little break
to reconnect.
Take this time to
re-evaluate what
you've come to know about
yourself and the world.
After all, this is a
story about your life.
It's a story about you and me,
about all of us as individuals
and as a whole,
and about new ways
to see that we
are all connected.
So come along with me
on an uplifting journey
of heart, mind, and spirit.
Let's discover how
to reconnect and move
from your old life to a new one,
starting right here, right now.
>> Have you ever noticed how
sometimes life just seems
to fly past us, as if everything
moved a million miles per hour?
More to do and
less time, as if we
had a list of never-ending
errands on us at all times.
It's often hard to keep up,
and easy to feel exhausted,
overwhelmed.
More and more people are
feeling lonely, separated
from themselves and others.
If you're feeling some of this,
know that you're not alone.
This is the state of
the world we live in.
This increasing
complexity we experience
in our over-competitive
modern life
is an outward reflection
of the speed of change.
Life, including each of
us, is always evolving.
It's just happening
at a very fast pace
now, during an important
and unique time in history.
Old systems are failing and
new ones are trying to emerge.
Numerous societies
and governments
are in a state of chaos
or transformation.
These are the evolutionary
conditions of our time.
However, another momentum
is also taking place.
Many people from different
backgrounds, cultures,
and professions are sensing
an impetus for positive change
within themselves
and in the world.
There is an inner stirring, a
prompting from our intuition,
to awaken to new possibilities
and a desire to grow.
That we can create, not wait,
for more balance and flow
through these times of change
and empowerment opportunity.
One of the most important
aspects of the changes taking
place is a rediscovery
of what's been hidden
in plain sight all along.
It's the heart.
Along with the chaos,
there is a new emergence
of heart-based awareness
and heart intelligence.
Researchers are
finding that learning
how to access the
heart's intelligence
is a key to managing the speed
of personal and planetary
change, and creating
a new life experience.
>> So I think that the most
important discovery in the last
thousands of years or more
is actually the discovery
of electricity.
Yeah, people knew
about electricity.
They knew it was there, but
they didn't know what it was.
And they didn't know what
you could do with it.
Once they figured out how
to harness electricity,
everything changed.
The way we live
changed completely.
And it happened really,
really fast, too.
And so the world
we live in today
is a different world
because of electricity.
In some ways, I think the
same is true about heart.
We know about heart.
It's been talked about,
it's been written about,
it's been sung about.
People refer to it when
they point to themselves.
They point right
here to their heart.
So we know about heart.
But the true potential of
heart and the intelligence
that it has is yet
to be unfolded.
That's changing now.
And when we begin to harness
the true power and intelligence
of heart, everything is going
to change for us about how
we think, how we feel,
how the world functions,
how we relate to one another.
All of that will
change dramatically,
and it will change quickly.
Just like electricity
changed the outer world,
heart's going to
change the inner world.
>> In this experience through
learning simple techniques,
seeing real life examples,
and hearing from experts
and others, you will have
the opportunity to experience
your heart's intelligence and
how it can help you physically,
emotionally, and spiritually.
You'll see how you can
connect with your heart
in practical ways to reduce
the stress of daily life,
meet challenges with
more ease, and become
more of who you truly are.
Join me on a journey
that will help you
move from depletion to renewal,
from separation to connection.
From mind to heart to spirit,
rediscover your best self.
It's time to get reacquainted.
It's time to get
along with each other.
It's heart time on the planet.